okay welcome back now that I have my
piece of paper and I have my subject for
the still life I'm gonna set this up
here in front of me and this is a wooden
seal from i believe it's Ecuador balista
my uncle got any way this baby blue
pencil you can use if you draw your
outline really lightly when you go back
in with the darker color this you won't
be able to see this and this allows for
room to adjust your composition and so
forth so I'm just going to loosely
outline what I'm drawing here and
actually I'm looking at maybe doing it
vertical but for this one I think I will
actually I'm going to add just for I
like odd numbers for a better
composition so I'm going to start over
here with this wooden bottle I'm just
going to really lightly kind of trace
this here not trace I'm drawing but kind
of just loosely get my outline kind of
lay this this piece out
I'm gonna come in and get the seal
and his head's a little bit bigger but
that's the good thing about this if you
make a mistake when you get back into it
with the darker pencil it you won't see
the baby blue pencil through that
there's a little milk container in the
back there I'm just trying to indicate
where it's at i don't need to get real
detailed because we're going to do that
later in the program so this is drawing
with the baby blue pencil get your
outline and get your composition down
and once we do this we won't really need
this pencil anymore and that's it